Add Harumachi Cup Ω Wiki Page (#7551)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/HC/OMEGA/en.md

8. Players have **10 minutes** to show up to their scheduled match. A referee will ping the two players 15 minutes before their scheduled match time through osu! private message and through discord.
9. If the opponent fails to show up, the player who does show up automatically advances.
   - If both players fail to show up, the player with the higher seed will advance.
10. The tournament staff reserve the right to disqualify any player who exhibits harmful or unbecoming behaviour.
11. Any other rule change(s) or unexpected occurrences will be announced in the discord. Please pay attention.

### Registration

This tournament is **strictly** for those between the ranks of **999 - Infinity** (after BWS is calculated). If the players meet this primary condition, they will also need to:

1. Sign-up through the [website](https://harumachi.chromb.uk/home)
2. All players **must** be in the [discord](https://discord.com/invite/eHBQX8pc5v)

### Tournament staging

> - There are 5 total stages to this tournament: Qualifiers, Group heats, Quarterfinals, Semifinals, and the Grand Final.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 divisions in this tournament: Qualifiers, Group heats, and a single-elimination bracket. The bracket includes the Quarterfinals, Semifinals, and Grand Finals, totalling 5 tournament stages.
```

- The mappool will consist of 5 maps.
- The mappool will be played through twice, with the player's **highest score** being recorded.
- The **top 2 players from each group advance to the 1v1 bracket**.
- No warmups for the Group Heats.

#### Bracket

- Classic 1v1 format.
- Rounds are seeded based on positions from the group stage.
- No bans.
- Roll to pick.
- Winner of each round proceeds to the next round.

#### Best-of format

- Qualifier stage: No best of. Play with the intent to get the highest score.
- Group stage: No best of. Play with the intent to get the highest score.
- 1v1 bracket:
  - Round of 16 and Quarterfinals: Best of 7.
  - Semifinals: Best of 9.
  - Grand Finals: Best of 11.

### Scheduling

1. The schedule for the tournament is listed under [tournament scheduling](#tournament-schedule), please use the time in-between to practice the mappool(s).
2. Matches are allowed to overlap if referees are available.
3. For 1v1 Bracket:
   - If both players can come up with a better time than what is scheduled, please inform the organisers as soon as possible so they can make adjustments.

### Mappools

> 1. For more specifics on what maps were played see: [Mappools](#mappools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. See the [Mappools](#mappools) section for more specifics on what maps will be played.
```

5. Seeding will be gathered by taking the highest score recorded and used in comparison to the scores of the other players.

### Lobby specifics

1. A private match will be created for the matches. The players will be invited to the asscociated match around 15 minutes before the match time. Make sure to have PMs enabled for everyone not just on your friend's list as the invite does **not** bypass this setting. If you are unable to make it to the match due to this issue, your position in the tournament is **not** guaranteed.
2. During the 1v1 Bracket, each player will `!roll`, the winner of the roll **picks who will pick the first map**. Tournament staff would like to preface, that if you win the `!roll`, this does **not** mean you pick the first map, this means you pick whether you pick the first map or your opponent does. Choose wisely!
3. For the Qualifiers and Group Heats stage, **the mappool will be played through twice**.
4. Players will be allowed to ask for a brief break at the end of the first run-through of the mappool.
5. There are **no** bans.
6. There are **no** warmups. Be prepared.

> 7. 1v1 Bracket only: In case of a tie, the tiebreaker will be played.
>    - Otherwise, see: [Number 6](#ruleset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. 1v1 bracket only: in case of a tie, the tiebreaker will be played. See [rule 6 of the general rules](#general) for more details.
```

<!--- ## Seeding Results TODO: Add seeding once qualifiers finish

|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| 1.  | 2.   | 3.  | 4.  | 5.  | 6.  | 7.  | 8.  |
| 9.  | 10.  | 11.  | 12.  | 13.  | 14.  | 15.  | 16.  |
| 17.  | 18.  | 19.  | 20.  | 21.  | 22.  | 23.  | 24.  |
| 25.  | 26.  | 27.  | 28.  | 29.  | 30.  | 31.  | 32.  |
| 33.  | 34.  | 35.  | 36.  | 37.  | 38.  | 39.  | 40.  |
| 41.  | 42.  | 43.  | 44.  | 45.  | 46.  | 47.  | 48.  |
| 49.  | 50.  | 51.  | 52.  | 53.  | 54.  | 55.  | 56.  |

> | 57.  | 58.  | 59.  | 60.  | 61.  | 62.  | 63.  | 64.  | --->

Reviewer: for seeding results, something like

```markdown
| Seed | Players |
| 1–8 | {flag} {player}, {flag} {player} ... |
| 9–16 | ... |
...
```

would look ok
